TODO.md, before:


## General
1. ~~Exception handler needs to be done~~
2. ~~Divide controller into smaller services~~
3. ~~Extract JOptionPanel methods to a Utils class~~
4. ~~Make the GUI more beautiful~~
5. ~~Use implemented GraalVM to build a executable(Cancelled, not working well with swing)~~
6. Build a single jar then pack it with JPackage to a single executable
7. ~~Modify all file paths based on project or jar parent path to make it more consistent~~
8. ~~Generate the test result with specific failed step and info~~


## ToolGUI
1. ~~ToolGUI lost focus after any operation, should at least stay on the first one or the chosen one~~
2. ~~Result table data is not center alignment~~
3. ~~Add way to edit step, such as double click it~~
4. ~~It should have control of data isChanged to warn user before closing or loading another config~~
5. ~~Target window for testing should be set on top / always on top~~
6. ~~Add specific step column in result table~~
7. ~~Add control to prevent multi click on Start test button~~
8. ~~Add a method to modify TestCase name and its image path along~~
9. ~~Add a method to disable delete step when no step is selected(done by not working if index is -1)~~
10. Add a text field or a button for getting window name
11. ~~Add a progress bar to visualize test plan progress~~
12. Add a loop testing option
13. Add a repeat time input field for testing
14. ~~Add a select all button for TestCase~~


## TestStepGUI
1. ~~TestStep region toggle will not change by changing stats in step info panel~~
2. ~~Image preview border~~
3. ~~Compiled TestStep~~
4. ~~Element toggle button will move after panel is visible~~
5. ~~Extract the huge ass element panel creation method to smaller methods~~
6. ~~Image name or text label should add a listener linked to radiobutton(Canceled)~~
7. ~~Add a timeoutSec text field~~
8. ~~Add a similarity text field~~
9. Add a read image from file option and copy it to target root
10. ~~Add enter key boolean checkbox~~

Commit message:

perf: added a build plan button, extracted build method to service and refactor the logic of test related buttons to make them unusable during the testing process

TODO.md, after:


## General
1. ~~Exception handler needs to be done~~
2. ~~Divide controller into smaller services~~
3. ~~Extract JOptionPanel methods to a Utils class~~
4. ~~Make the GUI more beautiful~~
5. ~~Use implemented GraalVM to build a executable(Cancelled, not working well with swing)~~
6. ~~Build a single jar then pack it with JPackage to a single executable~~
7. ~~Modify all file paths based on project or jar parent path to make it more consistent~~
8. ~~Generate the test result with specific failed step and info~~


## ToolGUI
1. ~~ToolGUI lost focus after any operation, should at least stay on the first one or the chosen one~~
2. ~~Result table data is not center alignment~~
3. ~~Add way to edit step, such as double click it~~
4. ~~It should have control of data isChanged to warn user before closing or loading another config~~
5. ~~Target window for testing should be set on top / always on top~~
6. ~~Add specific step column in result table~~
7. ~~Add control to prevent multi click on Start test button~~
8. ~~Add a method to modify TestCase name and its image path along~~
9. ~~Add a method to disable delete step when no step is selected(done by not working if index is -1)~~
10. ~~Add a text field or a button for getting window name~~
11. ~~Add a progress bar to visualize test plan progress~~
12. Add a loop testing option
13. Add a repeat time input field for testing
14. ~~Add a select all button for TestCase~~
15. ~~Extract buildTestPlan method to service.~~
16. ~~Add a Build test plan button instead of using Start button to build and run at the same time~~


## TestStepGUI
1. ~~TestStep region toggle will not change by changing stats in step info panel~~
2. ~~Image preview border~~
3. ~~Compiled TestStep~~
4. ~~Element toggle button will move after panel is visible~~
5. ~~Extract the huge ass element panel creation method to smaller methods~~
6. ~~Image name or text label should add a listener linked to radiobutton(Canceled)~~
7. ~~Add a timeoutSec text field~~
8. ~~Add a similarity text field~~
9. Add a read image from file option and copy it to target root
10. ~~Add enter key boolean checkbox~~
